0.4: New Note Diagram.md, before:

```mermaid

sequenceDiagram
    participant browser
    participant server

    browser->>server: POST https://studies.cs.helsinki.fi/exampleapp/new_note
    activate server
    server-->>browser: HTTP status code 302
    deactivate server

    Note right of browser: The browser sends the data as the body of the POST request
    
    browser->>server: GET https://studies.cs.helsinki.fi/exampleapp/notes
    activate server
    server-->>browser: reloads the Notes page
    deactivate server
    
    browser->>server: GET https://studies.cs.helsinki.fi/exampleapp/main.css
    activate server
    server-->>browser: the css file
    deactivate server

    browser->>server: GET https://studies.cs.helsinki.fi/exampleapp/main.js
    activate server
    server-->>browser: the JavaScript file
    deactivate server

    Note right of browser: The browser starts executing the JavaScript code that fetches the JSON from the server

    browser->>server: GET https://studies.cs.helsinki.fi/exampleapp/data.json
    activate server
    server-->>browser: [{ "content": "HTML is easy", "date": "2023-1-1" }, ... ]
    deactivate server

```

Commit message:

Update 0.4: New Note Diagram.md

0.4: New Note Diagram.md, after:

```mermaid

sequenceDiagram
    participant browser
    participant server

    browser->>server: POST https://studies.cs.helsinki.fi/exampleapp/new_note
    activate server
    server-->>browser: HTTP status code 302
    deactivate server

    Note right of browser: The browser sends the data as the body of the POST request
    
    browser->>server: GET https://studies.cs.helsinki.fi/exampleapp/notes
    activate server
    server-->>browser: reloads the Notes page
    deactivate server
    
    browser->>server: GET https://studies.cs.helsinki.fi/exampleapp/main.css
    activate server
    server-->>browser: the css file
    deactivate server

    browser->>server: GET https://studies.cs.helsinki.fi/exampleapp/main.js
    activate server
    server-->>browser: the JavaScript file
    deactivate server

    Note right of browser: The browser starts executing the JavaScript code that fetches the JSON from the server

    browser->>server: GET https://studies.cs.helsinki.fi/exampleapp/data.json
    activate server
    server-->>browser: Creates a new note object and adds it to an array called notes
    deactivate server

```
